IPE-1607: Updating Consul workload install: clients and dataplane (#3132)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/consul/v2.0.x/content/docs/deploy/workload/index.mdx

## Introduction

> In addition to the server agents you deploy in your datacenter, you must run Consul workloads alongside services in your application's data plane. On virtual machines these workloads are called Consul client, however on container-focused virtualisation platforms these workloads are called Consul Dataplane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the server agents you deploy in your datacenter, you must run Consul workloads alongside services in your application's data plane. On virtual machines these workloads are called Consul client. On container-focused virtualization platforms these workloads are called Consul Dataplane.

```

Adding a blank line because I think there's supposed to be a paragraph break.

Question about "Consul client" and "Consul Dataplane" - it feels like they should have an "s" at the end (Consul client**s**), but I'm not at all sure if that's proper usage.  Is it?

Author: Nice catch for the `clients` bit! For Dataplane I'm basing my assumptions on the fact that the GitHub repo is called https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-dataplane therefore I believe it should be singular, but alas I've seen it plural on many many occasions. A little cleanup may be needed for that specifically, perhaps?

Consul Dataplane removes the need to run Consul client agents on every node in a containerised cluster for service discovery and service mesh. Instead, Consul deploys sidecar proxies that provide lower latency, support additional runtimes, and integrate with cloud infrastructure providers. Consul Dataplane offers the following functions:

- Register services to the Consul catalog.
- Monitor services and update service status in the catalog in response to health checks.
- Resolve services with Consul DNS.
- Secure service-to-service communication.

> When you run a Consul _dataplane_, a lightweight process communicates with the Envoy proxies already running alongside your application workloads. Dataplane let you use Consul's security, monitoring, and traffic management features when you already have sidecar proxies and health checks configured in Kubernetes or ECS. For more information, refer to [Consul Dataplane architecture](/consul/docs/architecture/control-plane/dataplane).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run a Consul _dataplane_, a lightweight process communicates with the Envoy proxies already running alongside your application workloads. Dataplane lets you use Consul's security, monitoring, and traffic management features when you already have sidecar proxies and health checks configured in Kubernetes or ECS. For more information, refer to [Consul Dataplane architecture](/consul/docs/architecture/control-plane/dataplane).
```

## Guidance

The following resources are available to help you deploy Consul alongside your application workloads.

> - [Deploy Consul dataplane on Kubernetes](/consul/docs/deploy/workload/dataplane/k8s)

Reviewer: I just noticed it here, but...throughout the file, there's some inconsistency in capitalization of "dataplane".

Author: This is a good catch - I agree that "Consul Dataplane" shall be capitalised and singular.  When it's referred to as multiples, and lacks the "Consul" bit, I think just "dataplanes" is acceptable?
